all right so I'm out here in our
vegetable garden today I want to show
you our corn we're growing we're growing
corn for the first time this year it's
actually quite fascinating to see it
grow and really learn about it so learn
with me as I show you all our corn and
check it out here in Texas a very
popular crop to grow for the farmers so
let's just check out and see what it
looks like and what stage we are at
right now corn growing so as you can see
here is the corn it's growing now this
is the variety that I grew a golden
baton is a heirloom variety I try to
find an heirloom seed corn I wanted to
grow a sweet corn to eat I bought this
at a local store here locally there's
some of the seeds that's what it looked
like when I planted it and here's what
it looks like now it looks very very
nice it seems to be growing very well
don't notice any disease the leafs look
great but check this out here watch this
this is the pollen up top I don't know
if it will show up on the camera but if
you look at this leaf here this is all
pollen from up top here and it's just
amazing
can you see that falling look at this
this is just the pollen that is on from
here and pretty much what this pollen
does if we look closely that's what's
going to pollinate the corn come down
here you can see we got one corn
starting to start here and that pollen
is going to fall down and pollinate this
corn hopefully and we'll have a corn
there and surprisingly enough we'll only
have probably one husk of corn per plant
we may get two but usually the method is
only one corn per plant but as you can
see this is where the corn will be
growing right here and up above right
here is the pollen that falls down to
pollinate the porn so there's just a
quick look at our corn I don't really
have that much playing it I'll step back
so you can see we have a very small area
but you do have to plant it enough corn
so they can pollinate I don't think
there's anybody else in our area that is
growing corn I'm not sure what the
distance is has to be between varieties
of corn for planting to prevent they
cross pollenization but I'm pretty
confident there's nobody growing corn
around here so I'm really not a worried
too much of about cross pollination or
the cross pollination of a GMO corn that
is a quite the talk these days about GMO
and
corn is one of them number one of many
crops probably one of the biggest GMO
crop that's why it's quite challenging
to find bred non-gmo corn seed these
days so there's just a quick look at our
corn as you can see so our corn is
coming along and as you can see is just
starting to make and look down here got
one here there's some more in the back
that's just starting to make inside
there and another one here growing so
pretty fascinating to watch this corn
grow so thanks for watching make it a
great day
you